CEO – Amulak Singh
Amulak Singh has an experience of 8 years in the field of photography. He started
Digital Shoppe in January 2019 with nothing but a goal in his mind. He wanted to
cater to all services in the field of photography and ease the life of photographers,
having struggled as a freelance photographer himself. He aims to cater the
photographers across the Globe in an expansive fashion. He has always followed
the principle of helping others and adding value to photographer’s lives and with
the service we provide.

Introduction

Digital Shoppe offers album designing and photo retouching services to photographers. It is an innovative
work-driven company, using contemporary media to change the world of photography. We ease the lives of
photographers and assist them in delivering quality work to their clientele. Our prerogative is to collect raw
data from photographers and deliver them final products in the form of albums and edited pictures. We are a
one-stop shop for the photographers struggling to deliver videos and pictures to their clients on time due to
workload in peak months or otherwise.

The magic of photographs and moments is that the though people might change, the circumstance might
change, but the smile and happiness captured in the pictures leaves an indelible impact on our minds. We
encapsulate the feelings, piece together a product that perfectly describes the alchemy of those perfectly
synced heartbeats. We assure timely and quality products those blend with the photographer’s state of mind.


Aim &
Mission

Our goal is to deliver quality albums and edited photos to photographers and getting it right in the first time.
We aim to deliver our products on time targeting to reduce the average delivery time of albums from
photographers to their clientele. Our mission is to bridge the gap between the stuck payments of
photographers due to lack of time and availability. By offering album & photo editing services delivered on time
matching the taste of photographer, we plan to expand our market and reach out to photographers across
Globe helping them deliver the end products on time.

Digital Shoppe provides a partner to each client through the process of understanding and delivering the
products of their liking and choice. We guarantee to deliver end products within 4-5 business days.


Services-

1. Wedding Album Designing
2. High End Picture Editing - Pre-Wedding, Wedding, Product, Jewelry, Modal

Hours of Operation - 9AM-9PM
Location - Sector 30, Gurgaon 122001
Contact us - 9711716323
digitalshoppe21@gmail.com